This script replicates data in the LINZ Data Service to a local data store. Currently supported datastores include
PostgreSQL (PostGIS), MSSQL Spatial, FileGDB and SpatiaLite. Support for other outputs is ongoing.


USAGE
-----

The basic usage of the script is:

python main.py <options> output        

Where valid output specifiers include; pg (postgres), ms (mssql), slite (spatialite) and fgdb (filegdb)

where options are:
-f (--fromdate) Date in yyyy-mm-dd format start of incremental range (omission assumes auto incremental bounds)
-t (--todate) Date in yyyy-mm-dd format for end of incremental range (omission assumes auto incremental bounds)
-l (--layer) Mandatory. Layer name/id in format v:x###
-s (--source) Connection string for source DS
-d (--destination) Connection string for destination DS
-c (--cql) Filter definition in CQL format
-h (--help) Display this message



EXAMPLES
--------


----1----
python main.py -l v:x772 pg

Copy the 'NZ Primary Parcels' layer using the auto incremental feature to a postgres output. The postgres connection 
parameters will have had to be defined in the ldsincr.conf configuration file.

----2----
python main.py -l v:x781 -fd 2012-05-01 -td 2012-05-31 slite

Copy the 'NZ Railway Centre Lines' layer between the dates 2012-05-01 and 2012-05-31 to a SpatiaLite data store. Connections parameters for SpatialLite 
should be defined in the configuration file.

----3----
python main.py slite -l v:x782 -fd ALL -c "land_district = 'Otago'" mssql

Copy the 'NZ Non-Primary Parcels' for all dates but only the Otago region into an MSSQL Spatial database whose parameters are stored in the configuration file

----4----
python main.py -l v:x785 -dc "C:\path\to\some\folder\somefile.gdb" fgdb

Copy the 'NZ Land Districts' layer into the fileGDB database file somefile.gdb using incremental range determined by lastmodified and current date. 
    
    
---------

NOTES
----- 
1. Connection options can be set up in the config file "ldsincr.conf" but command line options can be used instead and will override 
configuration file settings. There is no checking done on command line connection strings
2. A valid layer name or the keyword ALL is required on the command line prefixed by the -l option flag
3. Dates are not required and omitting them will trigger an auto incremental request based on the lastmodified parameter in the respective 
destination layer properties file
4. Dates when provided must be in the format yyyy-mm-dd or specify the keyword ALL to trigger full replication
5. Full replication uses a fast driver copy mechanism and ignores discards and filters. Adding discard columns to a fully replicated layer
would be considered a schema change and potentially fail.
6. CQL strings are only minimally checked for tokens indicating a predicate. The user is responsible for ensuring they are constructing their
filter using the correct parameter names, formats and bounds.
7. CQL filters will override one another (they do not stack) according to; Command Line > configfile (ldsincr.conf) > layer config (___.layer.properties) 
8. Output names (for DB tables/FileGDB directories etc) are defined in the layer config file, not LDS. Changing this name will trigger the creation
of a new table.
9. Adding multiple output on the command line will trigger the copy process for these outputs 

10. The properties files are interchangeable and selected based on their name ie postgresql.layer.properties is the layer properties file for the 
PostgreSQL output. Copying this file to mssql.layer.properties would assign it as the same for a MSSQLSpatial output
11. In the properties files the sections are denoted by the layer id in square brackets eg [v:x111]
12. Beneath the section header property values include {pkey, name, lastmodified, geocolumn, epsg, cql}
12.1. Property 'pkey'. Defines the LDS primary key for this layer. Nominally set to 'id' this may very per layer.
12.2. Property 'name'. Used as the name for the output table/file these are not guaranteed to be unique. Nominally set to LDS layer name.
12.3. Property 'lastmodified'. This is a date string (yyyy-mm-dd) indicating the age of the data copied to output. It is used as a start point 
when doing auto-incremental updates.
12.4. Property 'geocolumn'. Used as the name for the output geometry column
12.5. Property 'epsg'. Specifies the required EPSG number to affect a projection change. If left blank the source projection will be retained
12.6. Property 'cql'. Sets a cql filter for the layer. Notes 1: the user is responsible for constructing well-formed CQL filters. 2: Layer filters 
will be overriden globally in the config file or on the command line.

   

A1. Write problems in the FileGDB driver are not addressed in GDAL 1.9.1 and full support is only available in nightly builds > ~July  
